Add placeholder types proposal (#1317)
apple/swift-evolution: proposals/nnnn-placeholder-types.md

* Implementation: [apple/swift#36740](https://github.com/apple/swift/pull/36740)

## Introduction

When Swift's type inference is unable to work out the type of a particular expression, it requires the programmer to provide the necessary type context explicitly. However, all mechanisms for doing this require the user to write out the entire type signature, even if only one portion of that type is actually needed by the compiler. E.g.,

```
let losslessStringConverter = Double.init as (String) -> Double?

losslessStringConverter("42") //-> 42.0
losslessStringConverter("##") //-> nil
```

In the above example, we only really need to clarify the *argument* type—there's only one `Double.init` overload that accepts a `String`. This proposal allows the user to provide type hints which use *placeholder types* in such circumstances, so that the initialization of `stringTransform` could be written as:

```
let losslessStringConverter = Double.init as (String) -> _?
```

Swift-evolution threads: [Partial type annotations ](https://forums.swift.org/t/partial-type-annotations/41239), [Placeholder types](https://forums.swift.org/t/placeholder-types/41329)

## Motivation

> Swift's type inference system is quite powerful, but there are many situations where it is impossible (or simply infeasible) for the compiler to work out the type of an expression, or where the user needs to override the default types worked out by the compiler. The example above of an overloaded function `foo` is one such example.

Author: Yes, thank you!

```suggestion
Swift's type inference system is quite powerful, but there are many situations where it is impossible (or simply infeasible) for the compiler to work out the type of an expression, or where the user needs to override the default types worked out by the compiler. Directly referencing the heavily-overloaded `Double.init` initializer, as seen above, is one such situation where the compiler does not have the necessary context to determine the type of the expression without additional context.
```

Fortunately, Swift provides several ways for the user to provide type information explicitly. Common forms are:

* Variable type annotations:

```swift

> let stringTransform: (String) -> Double = foo

Reviewer: There are a couple more places of `foo` that remain.

```

* Type coercion via `as` (seen above):

```swift

> let stringTransform = foo as (String) -> Double

Reviewer: And here.

Thus, it is an error under this proposal to write something like:

```swift
func doSomething(_ count: _? = 0) { ... }
```

just as it would be an error to write:

```swift
func doSomething(_ count: Optional = 0) { ... }
```

even though the type checker could infer the `Wrapped` type in an expression like:

```swift
let count: _? = 0
```

As a more comprehensive example, consider the following setup:

```swift
struct Bar<T, U>
where T: ExpressibleByIntegerLiteral, U: ExpressibleByIntegerLiteral {
    var t: T
    var u: U
}

extension Bar {
    func frobnicate() -> Bar {
        return Bar(t: 42, u: 42)
    }
    func frobnicate2() -> Bar<_, _> {
        return Bar(t: 42, u: 42)
    }
    func frobnicate3() -> Bar {
        return Bar<_, _>(t: 42, u: 42)
    }
    func frobnicate4() -> Bar<_, _> {
        return Bar<_, _>(t: 42, u: 42)
    }
    func frobnicate5() -> Bar<_, U> {
        return Bar(t: 42, u: 42)
    }
    func frobnicate6() -> Bar {
        return Bar<_, U>(t: 42, u: 42)
    }
    func frobnicate7() -> Bar<_, _> {
        return Bar<_, U>(t: 42, u: 42)
    }
    func frobnicate8() -> Bar<_, U> {
        return Bar<_, _>(t: 42, u: 42)
    }
}
```

> Under this proposal, only `frobnicate1`, `frobnicate3` and `frobnicate6` would compile without error (`frobnicate1`, of course, compiles without this proposal as well), since all others have placeholders appearing in at least one position in the function signature.

Reviewer: Nit: `frobnicate1` doesn't exist, it's just `frobnicate`.

Author: ```suggestion
Under this proposal, only `frobnicate`, `frobnicate3` and `frobnicate6` would compile without error (`frobnicate1`, of course, compiles without this proposal as well), since all others have placeholders appearing in at least one position in the function signature.
```
